I don't know what it is about the
monsoons but it just makes me crave
crispy and crunchy food and that's why I
love onion rings but what I don't like
about them is just how greasy the fried
ones can be which is why my version is
baked but don't worry it's just as
crispy and crunchy as the fried ones I'm
going to start I've already cut the
onions into nice half-inch sounds and
now I'm going to make the batter and to
make a nice thick batter I've got two
tablespoons of Consular here I'm going
to add half a cup of all-purpose flour
okay so I'm just going to give it a good
mix and what I've got here is one cup of
buttermilk it's going to give a nice
tangy flavour to the onion rings when
they're ready and to this mixture
I'm just going to add half of the
buttermilk and just whisk it really
rigorously it's going to look lumpy and
you'll think that you've done something
wrong but just hang on this is going to
come together in movements now add the
rest of the buttermilk
again just whisk it till you have no
lumps left just work it slightly it's a
bit of an arm workout but it's worth it
just put that aside and move on to the
crumbs now so what I've got here are
panko bread crumbs I'm going to just
season them with salt pepper be generous
with these seasonings because this is
what will give it all of that flavor and
because it's me and you should know this
by now that I will always add just a
little bit of paprika just give that a
good mix okay so now I've got the batter
and the crumbs nice and seasoned and now
it's time to just start putting the
onion rings together I've got my oven
preheating to 220 degrees Celsius and
this baking tray is lined with parchment
paper so I'm good
just dump this in the batter and use a
separate hand to coat it with the bread
crumbs and keep it here on the parchment
and just make sure you use either
separate hands or separate forks or
tongs to do this you don't want the same
hand going into the batter and the
crumbs just keep lining the baking tray
with these onion rings
we are just 15 minutes away from eating
crispy crunchy baked onion rings
halfway through the baking time to take
the trays and flip the onion rings so
that they cook evenly on both sides
guys I promised you crispy and crunchy
judge for yourself so good
you